Add blog post: Our session replays are opening their own pull requests (#18365)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/session-replays-opening-pull-requests.md

---
date: "2026-07-10"
title: "Our session replays are opening their own pull requests"
featuredImage: https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/Frame_144166_ae3d5191ba.png
author:
  - sara-miteva
rootPage: /blog
sidebar: Blog
showTitle: true
hideAnchor: true
category: Engineering
tags:
  - AI
  - Session replay
  - Engineering
---

A few weeks ago, we wrote about the [product improvement pipeline](/blog/what-if-your-product-built-itself): signals come in, get grouped into problems, an agent researches each one, and if it's actionable, it opens a PR. Most of the examples were errors because errors are the easy case. They arrive with a stack trace that says exactly what broke and where.

> This is about a trickier source: [session replays](/session-replay). Someone clicks a button that doesn't respond, clicks it three more times, and leaves. Typically, nothing lands in your logs for this type of error. The only evidence is a recording sitting in a pile nobody has time to watch. That's the most common kind of bug, and it's almost invisible to everything except a human watching the replay.

Reviewer: - Let's assume they haven't read the first blog
- Cutting some extra words too

```suggestion
Errors are the easiest data to act on in our [product improvement pipeline](/blog/what-if-your-product-built-itself). They arrive with a stack trace that's groupable and says exactly what broke and where. This makes it easy for agents to research each one, and if it's actionable, open a PR to fix it. 

[Session replays](/session-play) are a lot trickier. Someone clicks a button that doesn't respond, clicks it three more times, and leaves. Typically, nothing lands in your logs for this type of error. The only evidence is a recording nobody has time to watch. That's the most common kind of bug, and it's almost invisible to everything except a human watching the replay.
```

> So we pointed a scanner at the replays. [Replay Vision](/docs/replay-vision) is our AI layer over session replay. You set up a scanner, aim it at the sessions you care about, and it reads them for you – all of them, not a sample. Scanners come in a few shapes: summarizers write up what happened in a session, scorers put a number on something like frustration, and classifiers sort sessions into buckets. When a scanner spots something worth acting on, it raises a signal.

Reviewer 2: Maybe me misunderstanding the tech, but is this a scanner or a scout and what's the diff?

> The signals flow into the Inbox, the queue at the center of PostHog's [self-driving loop](/blog/self-driving-product), where signals from across your product are grouped into reports, researched by background agents, and turned into work. In the last week, PostHog turned three of them into pull requests, and all we (humans) had to do was merge.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The signals flow into the Inbox, the queue at the center of PostHog's [self-driving loop](/blog/self-driving-product), where signals from across your product are grouped into reports, researched by [scouts](/docs/self-driving/scouts), and turned into work. In the last week, PostHog turned three of them into pull requests, and all we (humans) had to do was merge.
```

This is definitely a scout, I think, so best to be precise with the language.

> The signals flow into the Inbox, the queue at the center of PostHog's [self-driving loop](/blog/self-driving-product), where signals from across your product are grouped into reports, researched by background agents, and turned into work. In the last week, PostHog turned three of them into pull requests, and all we (humans) had to do was merge.

Reviewer: - Scanner is jargon so it's unclear to start with that.
- Regrouping some paragraphs
- The final sentence should lead into the rest of the post

```suggestion
[Replay Vision](/docs/replay-vision) is our solution to this. It is our AI layer over session replay. You set up a scanner, aim it at the sessions you care about, and it reads them for you – all of them, not a sample. Scanners come in a few shapes: summarizers write up what happened in a session, scorers put a number on something like frustration, and classifiers sort sessions into buckets. 

When a scanner spots something worth acting on, it raises a signal. These flow into the Inbox, the queue at the center of PostHog's [self-driving loop](/blog/self-driving-product), where signals from across your product are grouped into reports, researched by background agents, and turned into work. 

To show you how this works, here's the details on three pull requests opened from replays. 
```

> ## The scanner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The struggle scanner
```

The one doing the work here is a success/struggle classifier. It reads real user sessions across projects, works out whether the person actually did the thing they came to do, and tags each session `success` or `struggled`. When it tags a struggle, it drops a signal into the same pipeline our errors flow through.

![scanner behavior description](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/Clean_Shot_2026_07_09_at_14_19_03_2x_7d96b9b4f4.png)

> So far, the scanner has read ~3,400 sessions and emitted ~1,850 signals in the first two weeks. Whether half is the right number is an open question, and we'll come back to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the first two weeks, the scanner has read ~3,400 sessions and emitted ~1,850 signals. Whether half is the right number is an open question, and we'll come back to it.
```

![success or struggled scan](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/Clean_Shot_2026_07_09_at_14_18_33_2x_114e2abcdc.png)

## Following one struggle to a PR

On July 1, at 11:30 and 11:47 UTC, two people on two different EU projects rageclicked the "Add filter" popover while trying to set up a feature flag. One of them gave up on configuring the flag entirely.

The scanner tagged both sessions as struggles and sent two signals into the pipeline. Those got grouped into one report and, a little after noon, handed to a research agent. Within a few minutes it had found the bug: the filter popover was closing itself the instant it opened, so every click landed on nothing. Dead clicks, then rage, then abandonment.

The agent wrote the fix and, at 12:53, opened a draft PR: [#67394](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/pull/67394). About an hour and twenty minutes from the first rageclick to a pull request with the diagnosis already attached.

![PR report in PostHog Inbox](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/Clean_Shot_2026_07_10_at_12_03_50_2x_933b3c7b5f.png)

> Over the next week, the report kept pulling in the same struggle from other projects and turned up a related glitch right next to it. That's the point of grouping: one frustrated session is noise, but the same struggle stacking up is a defect with a queue behind it.

Reviewer 2: Not sure I follow this bit. The above seems to say that agents found this problem and drafted a fix within a little more than an hour (which is good). But then the last para suggest that the bug then continued existing for the next week as the bug kept getting detected (which is bad). 

If this is accurate, we should probably be clear on what happened - did the report not get raised appropriately, or did we just choose not to merge a fix?

Reviewer: +1
